README.md, before:

# dynamic-policy - Dynamic creation of SRX address entries

The SRX firewall can be configured to monitor a central web server for a list of IP Addresses to create a dynamic address book using the```security-intelligence```feature-set.

This software will need to be installed on an existing web-server and the python file modified to point to the correct base directory of the web-server. Clone all files and copy the schema.xml and manifest.xml file to the base of the web server. 

Configure the SRX security-intelligence module to point to you web server - the auth-token is required to commit (32 ascii chars), but is only used by Junos Space to authenticate the device:

```
set services security-intelligence url http://192.168.1.1/manifest.xml
set services security-intelligence authentication auth-token 12345678901234567890121234567890
```
The```manifest.xml```file provides a list of available "feeds" of IP addresses eg:

```
<manifest version="3540642feac48e76af183a6e79d55404">
  <category description="Customer category IPFilter" name="IPFilter" options="" ttl="2592000" update_interval="1">
    <config version="398490f188">
      <url>/schema.xml</url>
    </config>
    <feed data_ts="1428558808" name="BADSITES" objects="36" options="" types="ip_addr ip_range" version="BADSITES">
      <data>
        <url>/</url>
      </data>
    </feed>
  </category>
</manifest>
```

The SRX will refresh```manifest.xml``` every```update_interval```seconds, as specified in the manifest.

A feed is essentially a list of IPs that have some common purpose eg: a blacklist, whitelist, prefixes that identify a cloud provider etc.

Addresses are grouped into feeds and stored in independent feed files.

Within the SRX, a dynamic-address is created as follows:

```set security dynamic-address address-name MY-BLACKLIST profile category IPFilter feed BADSITES```

The SRX then consults the```manifest.xml```file for a feed named BADSITES, downloads it from the web server and then installs it into the dynamic-address entry.

The SRX will now consult the feed every update interval and dynamically add or remove addresses as they are available, all without requiring a configuration change.

**NOTE:** As of this writing this has been tested on Junos 12.3X48D10 and 15.1X49-D110 code releases, dynamic-address entries can only be used in security policies; NAT rules only consult the global and zone-based address-books for address entries.

# Usage
**Create a new feed**

```
dynamic-policy.py new MYFEED
```

**Add an address to a feed**

```
dynamic-policy.py add MYFEED 192.168.88.0/24
```

**Remove an address from a feed**

```
dynamic-policy.py del MYFEED 192.168.88.0/24
```

Commit message:

Work in progress Python 3 version for farsonic code

README.md, after:

Juniper SRX dynamic address books - AKA Junipers security intelligence

This Project is a fork of Farsonic's dynamic-policy project.  The main difference of this project over his is that this project is written for python 3.6 while his is written for version 2.7.

My intent is to add a few extra features to help in adding flexibility as I would prefer to only change a Parameters file rather than changing the actual code.

I do not believe this is how Juniper intended this feature to work as these lists are normally created using Junos Space / Security Director and Spotlight Secure.  As such getting any documentation on this has been difficult and this code is written for Junos 15.1X49 and will not work with Version 17 Code as Juniper has changed the file structure as far as I can tell.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# dynamic-policy_v3 - Dynamic creation of SRX address entries

The SRX firewall can be configured to monitor a central web server for a list of IP Addresses to create a dynamic address book using the```security-intelligence```feature-set.

This software will need to be installed on an existing web-server and the python configuration file modified to point to the correct base directory of the web-server.

By Running the programme with the --setup from a clone of this repository
the schema.xml and manifest.xml file will be copied in to the root (base) directory of the web server.

Configure the SRX security-intelligence module to point to you web server - the auth-token is required to commit (32 ascii chars), but is only used by Junos Space to authenticate the device:

```
set services security-intelligence url http://192.168.1.1/manifest.xml
set services security-intelligence authentication auth-token 12345678901234567890121234567890
```
The```manifest.xml```file provides a list of available "feeds" of IP addresses eg:

```
<manifest version="3540642feac48e76af183a6e79d55404">
  <category description="Customer category IPFilter" name="IPFilter" options="" ttl="2592000" update_interval="1">
    <config version="398490f188">
      <url>/schema.xml</url>
    </config>
    <feed data_ts="1428558808" name="BADSITES" objects="36" options="" types="ip_addr ip_range" version="BADSITES">
      <data>
        <url>/</url>
      </data>
    </feed>
  </category>
</manifest>
```

The SRX will refresh```manifest.xml``` every```update_interval```seconds, as specified in the manifest.

A feed is essentially a list of IPs that have some common purpose eg: a blacklist, whitelist, prefixes that identify a cloud provider etc.

### Addresses are grouped into feeds and stored in independent feed files. ###

Within the SRX, a dynamic-address is created as follows:

```set security dynamic-address address-name MY-BLACKLIST profile category IPFilter feed BADSITES```

The SRX then consults the```manifest.xml```file for a feed named BADSITES, downloads it from the web server and then installs it into the dynamic-address entry.

The SRX will now consult the feed every update interval and dynamically add or remove addresses as they are available, all without requiring a configuration change.

**NOTE:** As of this writing this has been tested on Junos 12.3X48D10 and 15.1X49-D110 code releases, dynamic-address entries can only be used in security policies; NAT rules only consult the global and zone-based address-books for address entries.

# Usage  (These will change as I update the original code)


**Create a new feed**

```
dynamic-policy_v3.py new MYFEED
```

**Add an address to a feed**

```
dynamic-policy_v3.py add MYFEED 192.168.88.0/24
```

**Remove an address from a feed**

```
dynamic-policy_v3.py del MYFEED 192.168.88.0/24
```

**Initial setup

```
dynamic-policy_v3.py --setup
```
